Restored PCBF -> CLF solve, 2026-09-30

From the repository root, choose an output directory and run:
matlab -singleCompThread -batch "addpath('scripts'); runCollisionThreatValidation(OutputDirectory='OUTPUT');"
python scripts/auditCollisionThreats.py OUTPUT/campaign.json --output OUTPUT/audit.json
Run the ten suites listed in runChecks.m.txt after updating its root/raw paths.

Fourteen unchanged given-path collision threats, seven geometries at 8 and
15 m/s, 160 x 50 ms holds each, exact observations, no road constraints and
6 mm prediction margin. Prefix 8/16 holds; maximum 512; default 5 s soft call
budget, 24 SCvx iterations. Tight ODE45 tolerances 1e-11/1e-12 and 31 audit
samples per hold. ODE successors feed back into control. No random draws.
Configuration, target, baseline and random-seed records match e2813a5 exactly.
JSON null encodes infinite default slew bounds; finite slew is unit-tested.

All times are actual unprofiled, single-thread full controller calls. First
calls are excluded from running statistics. Other research MATLAB processes
were active on this host; the preceding baseline is a recorded run, not a
controlled simultaneous or fresh comparison. No hard deadline is claimed.
Source hashes identify the tested implementation; no local solver/vendor tree
or unrelated observer work is included. Full pose streams and prototype logs
remain in the cache path identified by summary.json and raw-manifest.json.

A zero safety witness skips only the primary optimization. Positive CLF slack
triggers the secondary cone program with collision slacks fixed exactly zero.
The CLF cone preserves the quadratic of the affine first-step error. The
objective retains horizon tracking and weighted CLF slack squared, plus squared
input deviation from the current anchor. Only the CLF penalty already at its
nonnegative lower bound, within tolerance, skips secondary work; this is not a
claim that the combined tracking objective is minimized. Accepted secondary candidates must pass nonlinear safety
and cannot increase actual CLF slack. Finite suboptimal cone results are
eligible; stage completion is not a claim of nonlinear/global optimality.
At a feasible anchor, geometric backtracking tries up to 20 halvings of one
conic direction instead of rebuilding the solve after only a quarter-step or
repeatedly shooting the endpoint. Infeasible restoration still permits endpoint
correction. The complete CLF-only intermediate campaign is included as a third
comparison, not hidden as successful path recovery.
An expired call can retain a currently admitted incumbent but reports CLF
completion false. There is no separate backup controller or runtime selector.

The independent Python audit recomputes baseline overlap, target motion and
rectangle geometry. It certifies the listed samples only; nominal prediction
margin is not a continuous-time or uncertain-plant margin guarantee. The
report discloses tracking, timing, secondary completion, exit flags and failures.
