Longest-frame composition diagnostic -- October 1, 2026

Base source: b9b4f234079950d14e30582499fdf3f13a20e910
Raw directory: /home/zai/.cache/collisionAvoidance/slow-frame-20261001
Original experiment:
  /home/zai/.cache/collisionAvoidance/clf-recovery-20261001/campaign-stable/speed8/turningCrossing.json
Original frame: one-based 5, simulation time 0.20 s, 5.539001 s controller call.

Executed preparation and replay:
  python /home/zai/.cache/collisionAvoidance/slow-frame-20261001/instrument.py
  matlab -singleCompThread -batch "run('/home/zai/.cache/collisionAvoidance/slow-frame-20261001/runSlowFrame.m')"
The instrumenter copies production code into raw/instrumented and adds only
nested timers/cleanup callbacks to eleven major solver functions, plus exact
pass-through coneprog and quadprog wrappers. The source patch and hashes are
retained. No production controller or configuration file was modified.

runSlowFrame.m replays the first four recorded measured states and previous
issued inputs with the unmodified controller to reconstruct a warm plan.
That plan is saved to captured-frame.mat and used unchanged for three
production and three instrumented calls at the original fifth physical state.
The original complete warm plan was not saved, and the reconstructed commands
differ from the historical commands. These phase measurements are explanatory
replay evidence, not an exact phase split of the original 5.539001 s call.
The original trace records three conic plus four correction-QP calls; the
replay records five conic calls and no correction QPs. Both have 212 holds.

The configuration is instantiated from the current defaults with the original
speed 8 m/s and prefix 8; its JSON-normalized representation is asserted equal
to the original export. JSON cannot preserve infinite bounds directly. An
initial direct-import attempt failed validation before any controller experiment;
configuration-import-failure.log preserves that preparation failure. The
corrected replay leaves physical bounds and the five-second budget unchanged.

Validation performed:
- Original maximum verified over all fourteen source results.
- All six replay calls return the same issued input with zero hard residual,
  zero safety slack and the expected 212-hold horizon.
- All three timer traces have balanced scope stacks and nonnegative exclusive
  times; their exclusive sum equals root inclusive time within 1e-9 seconds.
- Timed solver counts equal each returned search.solverCalls (five).
- Factory MATLAB Code Analyzer run on the instrumented source; findings retained.
- Production source and raw artifact hashes verified; unrelated edits preserved.
- English LaTeX report compiled and inspected.
No full controller test suite was rerun because production code is unchanged.

phase-breakdown.csv describes the third, warmed instrumented replay only.
timing-events.csv includes all three traces. summary.json includes the original
frame, reconstruction differences and all production replay outcomes. Nested
exclusive accounting prevents counting evaluation cost twice inside correction.
Full solver dimensions/exit flags and event order remain in replay-results.json.
The ordinary MATLAB Profiler was not enabled: only coarse nested wall timers
were used to limit perturbation of the budget-dependent control flow.
