Unified nominal CLF: methods and artifact provenance

The final campaign is the assessment/ campaign, not an exploratory prototype.
Original run directory:
/home/zai/.cache/collisionAvoidance/unified-clf-implementation-20261001/assessment

1. Build optional native kernels from the committed MATLAB sources:
   matlab -batch "addpath('scripts'); buildControllerKernels();"
2. The exported campaign.m records the actual serial command sequence and
   fixed source/output directories. Recreate its source tree using the files
   in source-manifest.json, or point its source variable at this project commit
   and select an empty output directory. Do not overwrite original results.
3. Run campaign.m, then analyze.py, verifyReplay.py RAW_DIRECTORY, and
   descentDiagnostic.py RAW_DIRECTORY. The original driver includes two
   discarded warm-up calls per speed and fourteen deterministic scenarios.
4. Run all tests from the repository root:
   matlab -batch "results = runtests('tests'); assertSuccess(results)"
   runTests.m is the exact result-export wrapper used for the final suite.
5. Build the adjacent standalone LaTeX report with pdflatex. Its derived PDF
   is exported with the external project commit record, not committed here.

Data interpretation:
Console-text exports trim trailing whitespace. Original logs remain in the
cache and external export; numerical values and failure messages are preserved.
- frame-results.csv exports every frame's state, input, objective, runtime and
  actual-versus-modeled CLF change. The last frame has no following logged
  current-state value, so its interframe change is not fabricated.
- failed-replay-nodes.csv exports all 31 ODE45 samples per hold for the failed
  scenario. Full fourteen-case result JSON and continuation MAT files remain
  at the original paths in raw-manifest.json and have external export copies.
- replay-verification.json independently recomputes all fourteen clearance
  minima and sampled recovery dwell results using rectangle geometry.
- initial full testing had one incorrect new test assertion; tests-initial.csv
  and tests-initial-output.txt preserve that outcome. The corrected complete
  suite is tests.csv and tests-output.txt: 617 passed, none failed/incomplete.
- Full controller-call clocks exclude offline replay and do not inject the
  measured compute delay into the simulated plant. Other workstation workloads
  were active; the timing is not an isolated benchmark.

Prototype diagnostics:
prototype-manifest.json identifies actual exploratory files and source
snapshots. They are preserved in the original cache and as external exports.
They are not alternate controller modes in the delivered implementation.
The force and relinearization diagnostics used the expanded-positive-slack
variant frozen in validation/source; the exact-force-cone trial is force/source.
The original scripts contain the paths used at execution time. To reproduce
an exploratory result, use its matching snapshot rather than today's controller
at the original working-directory path. Restored/ contains an earlier exploratory
three-case run without a complete frozen snapshot; the final assessment campaign
is the source-frozen evidence for the delivered controller.

The function V_K is target independent and has a conditional regional decrease
argument. Its RTI approximation is not a certified upper bound. Dense sampled
collision checks, practical recovery, conic convergence and a nonlinear safety
certificate are distinct statements. The report documents the remaining failure.
