Moving-target flow initialization experiment, 2026-09-30

The source manifest identifies the tested final MATLAB sources. The baseline
snapshot manifest identifies the original pre-edit sources at c217ed9 (the
controller implementation is unchanged since 395a8cb). Both full campaigns use
160 holds, 50 ms sampling, exact state/target observations, 8 and 15 m/s,
8 and 16 prefix holds, maximum 512 holds, 6 mm buffer, no road constraints,
5 s soft call budget and no random draws. MATLAB was run single-threaded.
The configuration JSON represents infinite default slew bounds as null.

Reproduction from repository root (choose an output directory):
matlab -singleCompThread -batch "addpath('scripts'); runCollisionThreatValidation(OutputDirectory='OUTPUT');"
python scripts/auditCollisionThreats.py OUTPUT/campaign.json --output OUTPUT/audit.json
Run the nine suites in runChecks.m.txt; update its absolute root/raw paths.
For the baseline, use a separate checkout of c217ed9518d86e7c4c678180871b6d256a4fc2dd.
Do not use Frames=1 with RequireCollisionThreat=true: that short baseline
contains no collision. The ablation uses one initialization call only and
retains the full-campaign fixture admission separately.

The no-flow control copies the new controller/config/scripts to a cache
workspace and changes only the target-aware seed-screening condition to
false. It preserves zero-slack execution, incumbent re-evaluation and the
input-proximal objective. Three 15 m/s cases all again time out without flow.

Prototype screen: seed-summary.json has 28 raw rollouts with [extra envelope
radius, circulation factor, lateral-acceleration fraction] = [0, .3, .6].
seed-controls.json has 84 raw rollouts: experiment 1 = [0,.6,.8],
2 = [3.05,.3,.8], 3 = [3.05,.6,.8]. Experiment 1 was selected. These are
exploratory seed-node geometry checks, not closed-loop acceptance results.
The prototype's preference clipping preceded the production correction to
honor actuator slew after soft steering preferences. Both tested production
campaigns use the source-manifest versions. recovery-summary.json has 28
additional seed-only rollouts of a rejected augmented-feedback recovery
variation; its patch and raw sources remain in the named cache directory.

controller-calls.csv records every successful call, including frame 0;
report running statistics exclude frame 0. Failure times are separate.
The independent audits recompute rectangle geometry for 31 ODE samples per
hold (4,960 per completed scenario); this does not prove between-sample safety.
Full pose JSON, MAT snapshots, prototype sources and failed harness logs stay
in the cache named by summary.json and are identified by raw-manifest.json.
The compact tracked bundle omits copied controller trees, solver dependencies,
binaries, pose streams and unrelated estimator/manuscript work.
