Free-pose terminal formulation, 2026-09-30

From the repository root, choose an output directory and run:
matlab -singleCompThread -batch "addpath('scripts'); runCollisionThreatValidation(OutputDirectory='OUTPUT');"
python scripts/auditCollisionThreats.py OUTPUT/campaign.json --output OUTPUT/audit.json
Run the ten suites listed in runChecks.m.txt after updating its root/raw paths.
The source-manifest hashes identify the final tested code. No scenario, target,
vehicle, solver-budget, sampling or collision-margin configuration changed.

Fourteen scenarios: seven named conflict geometries at 8 and 15 m/s. Each uses
160 holds of 50 ms, exact observations and a fixed target epoch. Prefix length
8/16, maximum 512 holds, 5 s soft call budget, 24 iterations, 6 mm collision
margin and no road constraints. All nominal given-path cruise baselines collide
without initial overlap. No random draws. JSON null represents infinite slew
limits; finite limits are checked by unit tests. ODE45 tolerances 1e-11/1e-12,
31 geometry samples per hold; measured ODE successors feed back into control.
The Python audit independently recomputes target motion and rectangle geometry.
It does not prove collision freedom between audited samples.

The prior comparison uses the immediately preceding recorded same-day campaign
at bd0fcfca4938409e60bfb786ab1d6d07ad31c5d0. It is not a new baseline rerun.
Configuration, target, given-path baseline and random-seed records match exactly.
Actual controller-call wall times are unprofiled and single-threaded, with
process-local warmup; first calls are separated from running-call statistics.
Controller-calls.csv includes both sets and tracking errors. The final maximum
lateral displacement from the path is a disclosed first-feasible-policy outcome.
No backup controller or nominal-versus-retained execution selector is included.

The analytical pose fit is an SE(2) Schur-complement elimination of terminal
membership; the selected pose must separately pass future target separation.
Original eight-dimensional membership is still checked after every new search.
Existing terminal reference utilities also test curved trims and phase, but the
production controller constructs exactly one straight-cruise core and has no
terminal-mode decision. The selected rigid placement is fixed in the shift and
append feasibility construction. A failed solve without current admission
reports failure; positive-slack seeds are never authorized for execution.

The compact bundle contains actual per-call metrics, independent audits,
fixture/configuration records, tests, analyzer findings and source/raw hashes.
Full pose JSON, MAT/prototype files, copied source trees and build products stay
under the cache directory in summary.json. No solver/vendor trees or unrelated
estimator/manuscript changes belong to this experiment.
